RADIANCE SERUM COMPLEXION CORRECTING
Millions of women have already been convinced by Caudalie’s cult product,
the Vinoperfect Radiance Serum Complexion Correcting, for its exceptional anti-dark spot action.
In 2021, the Vinoperfect Radiance Serum Complexion Correcting has been reinvented, offering a more effective,
cleaner & natural formula. This serum corrects the appearance of existing dark spots and evens the complexion, making it brighter.
It is effective on all types of dark spots (sun, acne, melasma, age) and is suitable for all skin types, even the most sensitive.
It has a fresh, subtle fragrance, combining green notes of citron blossom, orange leaves, watermelon and crushed mint.
Caudalie commitments:
- 100% recyclable packaging designed using recycled glass and plastic, with a view to producing zero waste**.
*Source: IQVIA - PharmaOne - anti-pigmentation products (class 82B4) in French pharmacies and parapharmacies - MAT October 2020 - by value.
**Where facilities are provided. Excluding multi-material pump dispensers and caps, which can only be recycled
through Caudalie Boutique SPAs thanks to the Terracycle partnership.
Our Vinoperfect Radiance Serum Complexion Correcting has been reformulated and improved since April 2021.
Reviews published before this date relate to the previous formula.
Benefits :
Corrects dark spots
Evens skin tone
Brightens
Formula :
At the heart of the Vinoperfect Serum is Viniferine, a Caudalie patented ingredient derived from vine sap,
which provides an exceptional anti-dark spot action that is proven to be 62 times* more effective than vitamin C.
*In vitro test of the inhibiting action of Viniferine on tyrosinase.
98% natural-origin ingredients.
Tested under dermatological supervision. Oil free and non-photosensitising formula. Suitable for pregnant & breast-feeding women.
And as with all Caudalie products, no parabens, phenoxyethanol, phthalates, mineral oils, PEGs, or animal-derived ingredients are used.
Yuka score: Excellent
