NECTAR
Superhydrating essence, all skin types
Nectar is a hydrating essence designed for intense revitalisation of tired and dehydrated skin showing first signs of aging on the face and neck. Skin of all types, even oily skin, needs to have replenished and restored the moisture which is lost after dirt and impurities are removed from its surface. The best way to maintain the skin’s healthy barrier function is through a gentle, well-balanced medium with a pH level similar to that of skin packed with moisturising ingredients. Without its barrier function operating at its maximum, skin is more prone to inflammation, irritation and clogged pores.
How does the barrier function become compromised? First, it needs to be said that the barrier function of the skin is the primary and most important function of this organ. Healthy skin is flexible and slightly humid to the touch and serves as a resistant shield against environmental stressors, irritants and allergens.
As opposed to healthy skin, dehydrated skin lacks moisture and is accompanied by a feeling of superficial dryness, tightness and flaking. Very often such skin is mistakenly taken to belong to the dry skin type. However, skin which is dry (in deeper layers) and skin dehydrated (on the surface layer) are not the same. Dehydration is a temporary skin condition which can be easily rectified with the help of humectants, natural moisturising agents found in Nectar.
Nectar is the second step which is necessary in the skincare routine for all skin types since it rapidly restores lost surface moisture and slows down its evaporation from the skin to the maximum, thus strengthening its function as a barrier. A complex composed of fourteen powerful humectants of various molecular sizes is combined with the soothing effects of “green” agents of natural origin. Succulent extracts of aloe vera, ginseng, cucumber and olive leaf extract are paired with urea, hyaluronic and lactic acid as well as aminoacids as natural moisturising factors. The pH level of Nectar is skin-friendly, slightly acidic and optimally formulated to restore the skin’s much needed balance after cleansing.
Nectar’s second function is to combat the negative effects of hard water usually found in cities. Apart from rehydrating the stratum corneum and thereby ensuring softening of the epidermis and normal epithelial cell desquamation (cell turnover), Nectar plays an especially important role in that it acts as a chelating agent, binding the metal ions found in hard water. These metal ions react with fatty acids in the skin’s sebum and together they form an insoluble layer on its surface. The chelating effect of Nectar prevents the formation of these insoluble complexes, clarifies the skin and makes it smoother.
Another special feature of Nectar’s formula is that it contains a unique self-conserving system thereby avoiding the use of classical preservatives and making the product highly tolerable for even the most sensitive skin. Just as all other Skintegra products, Nectar is formulated without the addition of parabens, perfumes, alcohol, artificial dyes and other irritants. It is packaged in a compact, fine mist spray bottle.
Cruelty free
Vegan
Dermatologically tested