AMPHIBIAN
Super gentle gel cleanser for normal to oily skin
Gentle yet thorough face cleansing is the most important precondition for optimum functioning of healthy skin.
Overaggressive cleansing using alkaline substances inevitably leads to surface dehydration and obstructs the delicate balance of the hydrolipidic barrier, which in turn makes the skin fragile and more susceptible to development of pathogens. On the other hand, inadequate removal of accumulated exogenous impurities and sebum leads to irritation of pilosebaceous units, clogged pores and progression of acne.
That being said, selecting an ideal product for everyday cleansing of sensitive skin is without a doubt a crucial part of skin care.
Amphibian is an extremely gentle cleansing gel which will not dry out or irritate your skin.
Its aqua jelly texture is incredibly slippery and designed to achieve maximum cleansing results by use of minimum amount of product.
It’s based on gentle, skin-compatible amphoteric and amino-acid based surfactants that gently cleanse the skin without drying it out or irritating it.
Tensides or surfactants are the fundamental component of most skin cleansing products. Their molecules reduce the surface
tension between incompatible phases (such as oil and water for example) so enabling dirt and impurities to be separated from the surface.
The drying and irritating effect that a cleanser may have will mostly depend on the selected type and amount of tensides incorporated in the formula.
 In our formulation the percentage of tensides is lower than the percentage of the hydrating agents which, formula-wise,
 is extremely rare among products having the same function as Amphibian.
To resume, Amphibian does not include aggressive tensides, SLS and SLES, astringents, soap, alcohol or abrasive particles,
which means that this is a very gentle cleansing gel. At the same time, the formulation easily removes surface dirt and impurities
thanks to a carefully selected combination of tensides and hydrating agents that slow down loss of transepidermal moisture.
In contact with water, Amphibian transforms into a super gentle foam that glides over the skin and effortlessly removes exogenous dirt, sebum and makeup.
The product is pH balanced (5.5) and optimised for use on inflammation-prone and sensitive skin. Betaine and bisabolol have a calming effect
on the skin and protect the hydrolipidic barrier while a complex of minerals (Cu - Zn + Mg) helps maintain structural integrity of damaged,
infected and inflamed skin (acne, dermatitis, irritations).
Amphibian is formulated without the addition of parabens, perfumes, alcohol, synthetic dyes and
other irritants and is packaged in a hygienic pump bottle.
Cruelty free
Vegan
Dermatologically tested