SOLAR I
Broad spectrum UV protection (SPF30) fluid for sensitive skin
Solar I is a hydrating daily fluid designed as a broad-spectrum sunscreen (UVA + UVB) that protects the skin against photoaging. It has a high protection factor (SPF 30) and is intended for all skin types, including sensitive and reactive skin.
Solar I has the light and pleasant texture of a fluid. However, at the end of the day, it needs to be thoroughly removed since it is very good at clinging to the skin, thereby ensuring high and consistent photo protection. It does not leave a white residue, it absorbs quickly and leaves the skin feeling velvety and smooth.
Apart from protecting against UV radiation, the leading culprit for premature skin aging, Solar I nourishes and repairs the skin’s barrier function, smooths and softens the skin and protects it against external factors.
The most important role of Solar I is adequate sun protection so during formulation very specific photo stable (non-degradable) organic filters that protect from radiation belonging to the UVA, UVB, infrared (also emitted by electronic devices) and visible light spectrums were selected.
The second most important feature of the Solar I formulation is the fact that it does not contain filters that have been proven to have a disruptive effect on hormone levels. For that reason, five newest-generation filters were selected and working in synergy, they absorb, disperse and reflect UV rays.
UV protection profile:
Tinosorb S: UVA and UVB filter, extremely effective even in low concentrations which enables excellent dermatological tolerance of the product
Tinosorb M: UVA and UVB filter with excellent photo stability which at the same time acts as a physical filter or micro pigment (reflects and disperses) and absorbs UV rays; it also protects within the spectrum of visible light radiation
Uvinul A Plus granular: the only photo stable organic UVA-I filter that covers the segment of long wave radiation while at the same time preventing the creation of free radicals which lead to premature photoaging of skin
Uvinul T150: UVB filter with the highest rate of absorption of UV rays among available UVB filters, excellent at adhering to keratin in the skin which makes it waterproof
Eusolex OS: acts as a complementary UVB filter, stabilises emulsions and has an anti-bacterial effect
Along with a combination of carefully selected anti-oxidants and reparatory ingredients (green tea, two forms of vitamin E, betaine and panthenol), Solar contains the maximum recommended dose of ectoine. Ectoine is an all-round amino acid ideal for regeneration of sensitive and dehydrated skin. In vivo tests have demonstrated the effects of ectoine as an extraordinary humectant which prevents UV induced skin damage at the cellular level, at the same time improving the skin’s elasticity, sturdiness and tonus and strengthening its barrier function.
Panthenol and betaine have a soothing and hygroscopic affect, binding moisture and preventing its evaporation from the skin, while a high percentage of green tea extract inhibits cellular damage caused by the effects of free radicals in the skin, especially in the case of inflammations such as acne on which green tea has an intense anti-inflammatory effect.
On normal to oily skin Solar I may be used alone as a hydrating product, while in the case of dry and very dry skin we recommend using Solar I as the last step in the skin care routine. Due to its gentle and light texture, Solar I is ideal for everyday use and is therefore intended primarily as a “city sunscreen”, for skin also exposed to other external stressors in addition to UV radiation (smog, air particles). If you are actively exposing yourself to the sun, perspiring, whipping yourself with a towel after swimming etc. you need to reapply your sunscreen regularly, evenly and in sufficient quantity.
If you are using Solar I in combination with other products, keep in mind that any SPF product always comes as the last step in the skincare routine. Before applying makeup it is necessary to wait a few minutes so that the product has the chance to completely settle on the skin (using makeup brushes and sponges immediately after application can cause moving the product around and so reducing the required photo protection).
Cruelty free
Vegan
Dermatologically tested