TRIA LIGHT
Treatment cream for normal to oily & blemish-prone skin
Tria Light is a treatment cream intended for skin prone to acne and comedones. It is primarily designed for combination and oily skin whose pores clog easily which in turn leads to the appearance of acne, or for skin which appears inflamed and unhealthy, is full of marks, spots and has uneven texture, but it can also be used on less oily skin as a treatment base for richer products or oil boosters.
Tria Light works in three ways. First, through continued use it regulates sebum production along with having a regenerative effect on the skin, thereby reducing the appearance of new spots and comedones. By regular use of Tria Light, skin tone and texture become more even and the skin gains a healthier and glowier appearance. Second, a total of as much as fourteen active and plant components act in synergy against existing clogged pores and marks, with the most important ones being niacinamide or vitamin B3, zinc PCA and two forms of vitamin E which rapidly repair skin damage. Third and no less important, this non-comedogenic, fast-absorbing and silky gel-cream delivers to the skin excellent repairing ingredients such as panthenol, allantoin, bisabolol  and soothing plant extracts which restore the skin’s balance and provide support to its natural resistance.
Tria Light’s active and plant extracts explained in short:
Niacinamide (6%)– evens out skin tone, reduces post-inflammatory pigmentation marks, fights acne
Carnitine– regulates sebum production
Green tea extract– exceptional antioxidant and source of catechin
White willow extract – precursor of salicylic acid possessing anti-inflammatory, soothing and cleansing effects
Two forms of vitamin E – have regenerative, repairing and anti-oxidative effects
Linoleic acid – repairs and protects the skin from environmental effects
Linolenic acid – refines sebum structure, acts as an anti-inflammatory agent, regulates cell metabolism
Red willow extract – acts as an anti-inflammatory agent, reduces the appearance of large pores
Liquorice extract – has an anti-oxidative effect, acts as a source of flavonoids, evens out skin tone
Allantoin– acts as an anti-irritant, humectant
Zinc PCA– has a clinically proven anti-age effect, hydrates and regenerates
Bisabolol– anti-irritant, anti-inflammatory and anti-microbic ingredient
Panthenol– soothes and repairs
Tria Light can be applied to the entire face or only on problematic areas.
It is an excellent base for other skincare products and for makeup. The product is formulated without the addition of parabens, fragrances, alcohol, artificial dyes and other irritants and is packaged in an airless container which guards its ingredients against air and contamination in order to ensure that they remain fresh and highly efficient until used up.
Cruelty free
Vegan
Dermatologically tested