ATOMIC
Oil-based precleanser for all skin types
Removing make-up and environmental impurities accumulated on the skin throughout the day is one of the most important aspects of proper skincare. However, in order to preserve an optimum level of hydration and elasticity of the skin, face cleansing must never be too harsh and drying.
Created as a perfect pre-cleanse product for the needs of the most sensitive skin with a disrupted barrier function (including skin with dermatoporosis), Atomic is a pH-optimised (pH 5.5) and extremely gentle micro-emulsion designed for everyday deep cleansing of impurities and face makeup. This beauty multitasker quickly dissolves layers of external impurities (including waterproof ones) without drying, rough scrubbing or irritating the skin.
Formulated as a “non-oily oil” which in contact with water turns into a gentle lotion before washing off completely, Atomic removes makeup and impurities instantly and perfectly and is suitable even for gentle cleansing of the sensitive eye area. The majority of classic oil cleansers are composed of base oils which quickly and easily turn rancid, changing their chemical structure and becoming very irritating and comedogenic for the skin. As opposed to them, Atomic is unique due to the fact that it is based on extremely stable caprylic triglycerides with a very safe and non-irritating chemical profile.
In addition, Atomic is also enriched with skin-friendly components – ceramide precursors (phospholipids and sphingolipids) which regulate ceramide production in the skin. Ceramides are lipids naturally produced by the skin whose production decreases over the years, in turn resulting in reduced elasticity, hydration and resilience properties of the skin. Atomic also contains bisabolol, squalane and antioxidative extracts of magnolia, rosemary and rosehip, which working in synergy, soothe inflammation and annul the negative effects of environmental stressors to which the skin is exposed during the day. This makes Atomic the ideal first step in the night-time skincare routine.
Apart from cleansing, Atomic may also be used for gentle face massage which Skintegra recommends as a preventive step against loss of skin firmness. Not only for dry and more mature skin, such massage is also useful for oiler skin with non-inflamed acne blemishes (blackheads) since Atomic helps soften and release sebaceous filaments from clogged pores.
Atomic is formulated without the addition of aggressive tensides (SLS and SLES), parabens, denaturated alcohol or ethanol, artificial fragrances, dyes and other irritants. It is packaged in a 200 ml bottle with a very precise dispenser enabling hygienic and practical usage.
Cruelty free
Vegan
Dermatologically tested