SUPERBA C
Brightening & revitalising serum for dispigmented skin, all skin types
Superba C is a potent serum based on the proven efficient combination of 10% vitamin C, vitamin E and ferulic acid, specifically formulated for tired skin showing first signs of aging (wrinkles and fine lines, loss of tonus and freshness along with the appearance of pigmentation spots). Along with these indicators of an impaired skin condition, Superba C also successfully treats the appearance of pigmentation marks, uneven skin tone and adult acne.
The vitamin C ester we have selected for our Superba C serum is a versatile sodium ascorbyl phosphate, more well-known as SAP. SAP is an extremely safe, stable and water-soluble form of vitamin C which functions as a potent antioxidant, efficient in lightening uneven and tired skin tone and keeping the skin fresh and glowy. SAP reduces oxidative stress of the skin caused by environmental factors such as UV radiation and air pollution leading to microscopic damage to the skin which accumulates over time. This accumulation of skin damage, as well as the reduction of collagen production, becomes evident as signs of aging. SAP acts not only as an antioxidant but also as a melanin inhibitor which is why it is especially important as a skincare component efficient against hormonally induced hyperpigmentation (such as melasma) and post-inflammatory pigmentation.
The real difference between classic serums containing vitamin C and Superba, apart from the high SAP concentration, lies in the inclusion of ferulic acid and vitamin E in Superba’s formulation. Due to its exceptional antioxidative and photoprotective properties this cult trinity of ingredients form part of all respectable C-serums. Although vitamin C serums with the addition of ferulic acid and vitamin E don’t offer UVA + UVB protection on their own, application of this serum in the morning under a product which does contain UV protection will boost its protective properties during sun exposure.
Our Superba C serum contains clinically proven concentrations of SAP and has a slightly acidic, SAP-optimised pH medium of between 6 and 6.5. As opposed to serums containing ascorbic acid (which is an excellent ingredient but may be irritating to sensitive skin), high dosage SAP serums are gentle enough even for very sensitive skin and skin with rosacea. Further, vitamin C is even recommended for skin with impaired capillary function.
Superba’s gentle, delicate and fast-absorbing texture enables maximum efficient, deep absorption of active substances. The product is packaged in special glass packaging which blocks UV rays, extremely important for a product such as a vitamin C serum which is photo-sensitive. Product shelf life is six months at room temperature, while if kept refrigerated it can be used for one year. This time frame primarily marks the period in which the efficiency of the vitamin C in the serum is at its highest, while the microbiology of the product itself is not under question.
Cruelty free
Vegan
Dermatologically tested