ÚNA
Nourishing & protective cream for dry, sensitive & intolerant skin
Úna is a universal, neutral cream suitable for dry to very dry, flaky, sensitive and atopic skin of both adults and children. It is rich in gentle emollients (triglycerides and fatty acids which simulate our skin’s natural lipid film), ceramide precursors which repair the skin’s compromised barrier function, beta glucan and panthenol which soothe inflammation (redness and itchiness) and canola oil which contains balancing omega 3 and 6 fatty acids.
Úna has undergone in vivo testing under dermatologist supervision on individuals with a history of allergies and diagnosed atopic dermatitis.
In such skin (just as in skin affected by psoriasis) the hydrolipidic barrier, whose function is to guard the skin’s integrity, is severely compromised and leads to the skin’s surface becoming dried out, cracked and flaky and prone to infections. Ceramides, lipids that healthy skin produces naturally, are an extremely important component of the hydrolipidic barrier and atopic skin is characterised by a great deficiency of this natural skin lubricant.
Úna contains sphingolipids and phospholipids that generate crucial, biologically active ceramides, sphingosine (which regulates the skin’s microbiome, often compromised in case of atopic dermatitis) and signalling pathways that participate in cell communication. These ingredients help skin with a compromised hydrolipidic barrier to once again fulfil its natural defensive function.
Apart from ceramide precursors, the second important ingredient is the immunomodulator carboxymethyl beta-glucan (CM beta glucan). This is a polysaccharide that has multiple functions in topical applications:
it regenerates cells in charge of collagen production,
it promotes adequate immunological functioning of skin cells,
it acts as an anti-oxidant and has been proven to repair cellular damage created by UVA radiation,
in challenge tests involving detergent, it exhibits significant protection of the hydrolipidic barrier,
it stimulates healing of small wounds by prompting re-epithelisation, mobilisation of macrophages (leukocytes) and collagen deposit on the spot where the skin’s been damaged.
In our universal, neutral cream (pH 5.5) beta glucan has been paired with a soothing ingredient trio made up of betaine, panthenol and bisabolol that reduce inflammatory processes and canola oil which is a natural source of omega 3 and 6 essential fatty acids and vitamin E.
Úna has been tested on heavy metals, including nickel. It is suitable for local application on children’s skin above the age of 4 months.
Úna is formulated without the addition of parabens, perfumes, alcohol, synthetic dyes and other irritants and is packaged in a hygienic airless container. In the case of extremely dry skin, it should be combined with an occlusive product such as Naro.
Cruelty free
Vegan
Dermatologically tested