ARCHITECT
Repairing serum emulsion for problematic & ageing skin
Architect is an intensive serum emulsion for all skin types with triple efficacy - designed for skin prone to imperfections with visible UV damage (like hyperpigmentations) which also needs to address anti-aging. It is a gentle, light and non-oily texture, neutrally scented and easily absorbed, that leaves the skin feeling silky.
Bakuchiol is the main active component of Architect (1%). This is a compound derived from the plant Psoralea corylifolia, clinically proven to work as retinol’s functional analogue without the side-effects commonly associated with retinoids (flakiness, dryness, redness etc.).
Retinoids are wonderful anti-aging and anti-acne ingredients, however because of their irritancy sensitive skin is usually not the best candidate for their longterm and regular use. Apposed to retinol, bakuchiol is far less irritating, does not sensitise the skin to the sun and has a better safety profile (can be used in pregnant and lactating women). Because it is less irritating, bakuchiol can be combined with other potent actives (such as acids, vitamin C, niacinamide etc.) and even has a wonderful synergistic effect on the skin, whereas retinoids are often too sensitising to be mixed with other active compounds.
How does 1% bakuchiol affect the skin during 3 month period?
has antimicrobial effects (targeting S.auerus and P.acnes)
has strong antioxidant and anti-inflammatory effects
normalises sebum production by diminishing synthesis of 5-alpha reductase
reduces hyperpigmentations and brightens the skin
affects gene expression for collagen types I, III and V
strengthens protein synthesis of extracellular matrix and epidermis - dermis junction which increases elasticity, tightness and plumpness of the skin
Apart from 1% bakuchiol, Arhictect has selected anti-inflammatory and hydrating ingredients such as ectoin, green tea, panthenol, allantoin, caffeine and resveratrol. This combination of ingredients is designed to allow bakuchiol its efficacy without irritation and constantly soothes and replenishes the skin to make it resistant.
Cruelty free
Vegan
Dermatologically tested