SPECTRA
Calming serum emulsion for sensitive skin, all skin types
Spectra is a serum emulsion of the emollient type, endowed with a delicate and fast-absorbing texture. It is non-comedogenic and hypoallergenic, intended for all skin types and especially for taking care of skin with an impaired hydrolipidic barrier and reduced function. Its main role is daily support and gentle antioxidative protection of impaired, damaged skin exhibiting irritation, redness and inflammatory processes.
Spectra unites the soothing and protective properties of shea butter, panthenol, allantoin and vitamin B12 (suitable for treating various types of dermatological irritations, even those of atopic origin) and the antioxidative effects of green tea extract, caffeine and one of the most potent compounds from the polyphenol group – resveratrol.
On skin exhibiting a wide range of chronic and functional disorders such as acne, rosacea, skin prone to dermatitis, skin irritated or dehydrated (following acne treatments and the like) Spectra may be used continuously as part of the everyday skincare routine since it hydrates, soothes and annuls irritations. In the case of very sensitive and dehydrated skin, use of Spectra and Naro in combination is recommended. In addition to its soothing effects, Spectra acts as a potent serum for skin showing early structural changes caused by aging. Antioxidants such as resveratrol from red wine and green tea extract belong to the group of most well-known polyphenols which give excellent results in repairing damaged skin and protecting it from environmental stressors.
All the ingredients in Spectra have been carefully selected to compliment the skincare routines for all types of skin with a tendency towards sensitivity and the first signs of aging. Spectra has a slight, neutral scent and a gentle creamy texture which spreads on the skin beautifully. It is visually attractive due its pinkish colour which originates from cyanocobalamin, more well-known as vitamin B12, Spectra’s main active ingredient which soothes and protects sensitive and non-tolerant skin.
Cruelty free
Vegan
Dermatologically tested