INFRARED
Calming serum for inflammation-prone skin
INFRARED is a concentrated, soothing serum for all skin types, especially sensitive skin prone to inflammation and irritation. It calms inflammation symptoms, hydrates intensively and corrects skin imperfections.
This product has light, hydrating texture and it is easily incorporated in any existing skincare routine. It doesn’t leave any oily or heavy residue but instead hydrates the skin, soothes it instantly and calms discomfort associated with skin inflammation. Broad spectrum anti-inflammatory action of Infrared is due to:
azelaic acid derivative that hydrates and elasticises the skin, while also calming, softening and brightening the skin (10%)
vitamins B3 (niacinamide) and B5 (panthenol) with ectoin strengthen skin barrier and regenerate photodamaged skin
plant extracts such as oat, grapeseed, liquorice, Centella asiatica and madecassoside exhibit antioxidant actions and further combat skin imperfections
Infrared has supporting and repairing role in your skincare routine. You can easily use it abundantly and twice a day, if needed. Shortly after incorporating Infrared in your skincare routine, you will be able to notice structural changes of your skin such as reduced imperfections and overall redness associated with inflammation, stronger barrier function and overall luminosity due to improved skin resilience.
Use Infrared on cleansed skin, before applying any creamy textures or photoprotective products. It is suitable and specifically recommended for any inflammatory dermatosis accompanied by symptoms such as flaking, itching, redness and inflammatory lesions. Infrared is formulated without any parabens, fragrance, denatured alcohol, synthetic dyes and other irritants. It comes in an opaque glass bottle with a pipette.
How to combine Infrared with the rest of your skincare? If your skin is sensitive, inflamed or intolerant, we recommend that you combine this product with other products from our pink line: use it a step before Spectra if your skin is normal to oily, or as a skincare step prior to ÚNA if your skin is on the drier side.
If you are dealing with breakouts, we advise that you use Infrared alongside products containing salicylic acid such as Clarion or Hybrid.
Cruelty free
Vegan
Dermatologically tested