Granactive Retinoid 2%
Emulsion As of late August 2017, The Ordinary's portfolio of retinoids has been extended based on valuable consumer feedback and, as part of these introductions, Advanced Retinoid 2% has been renamed to Granactive Retinoid 2% Emulsion to align with the new naming direction of the extended range. The formula continues to offer an emulsion of 2% of the same advanced retinoid complex.
This formulation combines two forms of next-generation retinoid actives:
a) A 2% concentration of Granactive Retinoid which is a complex of solubilized Hydroxypinacolone Retinoate (HPR). HPR is a highly-advanced form of retinoid which is, in fact, a non-prescription ester of all-trans direct retinoic acid that offers a multi-fold better effect against signs of aging than retinol, retinyl palmitate and nearly all other forms of non-prescription retinoid;
b) A sustained-delivery form of pure retinol in a protective capsule system which supports both the delivery and the effect of Granactive Retinoid.
Both forms of retinoid used avoid the irritation associated with retinoids (including retinol) use while delivering better visible results against signs of aging.
This product uses next-generation retinoid active technologies which have been shown to achieve better reduction in signs of aging than retinol without irritation. These technologies cannot be compared directly with retinol itself in terms of concentration because they include a different retinoid molecule, in a similar way that Retinol cannot be compared with Retinoic Acid in terms of concentration. If you have interest in a retinol product, please refer to our Retinol portfolio above which products contain pure retinol and cost less since many retinol technologies cost less than their next-generation counterparts like Granactive Retinoid.
The Ordinary’s extended portfolio of retinoids includes the following formulations:
Granactive Retinoid 2% Emulsion (Moderate Strength, No Irritation)
Granactive Retinoid 2% in Squalane (Moderate Strength, No Irritation)
Granactive Retinoid 5% in Squalane (High Strength, No to Low Irritation)
Retinol 0.2% in Squalane (Low Strength, Moderate Irritation)
Retinol 0.5% in Squalane (Moderate Strength, High Irritation)
Retinol 1% in Squalane (High Strength, Very High Irritation)
While the new offerings of Granactive Retinoid in Squalane offer a very-light-weight solution for better compatibility with several steps in a regimen, the existing formula continues to be a creamy hydrating emulsion for those who prefer this format.
Caution: Retinoids can make the skin more sensitive to UV radiation. Sun protection is particularly important when using retinoids. This product must not be used in conjunction with other retinoids including retinol or retinoic acid. This product is not a treatment for acne. Acne-prone skin may experience a temporary increase in acne during the first few weeks of using any form of retinoid including those used in this formulation.
Note: When pregnant or breastfeeding, it is recommended to avoid any skincare products containing retinoids such as formulations with Granactive Retinoid or Retinol.