"Buffet"
This formula combines a comprehensive array of studied technologies to target multiple signs of aging at once. The technologies are Matrixyl 3,000 peptide complex (with palmitoyl-pentapeptide 35), Matrixyl Synthe'6 peptide complex (with palmitoyl tripeptide-38), Syn-Ake peptide complex (with dipeptide diaminobutyroyl benzylamide diacetate), Relistase peptide complex (with acetylarginyltryptophyl diphenylglycine), Argirelox peptide complex (with acetyl hexapeptide-8, pentapeptide-18), Probiotic complex (with lactococcus lactis lysate), in a base of 11 skin-friendly amino acids and multiple hyaluronic acid complexes. The total concentration of these technologies in the formula by weight is 25.1%.
(References are made to third-party trademarks in this description. All such trademarks are owned by their respective owners. Neither The Ordinary nor DECIEM is affiliated with these trademarks or their owners.)
Note: The name of this formula was inspired by some brands referring to their expensive products offering combinations of these technologies as a "buffet", distastefully comparing such products to buffets that offer various kinds of food in one sitting.
For a stronger effort against signs of age, our brand Hylamide offers a next-generation formula, SubQ Skin.

Note:
We are deeply grateful to our devoted customers for loving us and our products so much. Our lab has and continues to devote countless hours to share the newest innovations with our broader world. The Ordinary now offers a wide range of products under the Vitamin C, Peptide and Direct Acid categories, and to help our ever-growing, loving family of users build functional and effective routines incorporating these products we have developed an introductory guideline into the brand.
Previously, we did not have a contraindication listed for the use of direct acids/Vitamin C with any of our peptides. However, we now have a huge arsenal of these products and some of the formulations are more susceptible to hydrolysis with certain types of Vitamin C or acids.
Instead of developing a complex guide listing the compatibility of each of our peptides with each acid and Vitamin C, we have adapted the following approach to maximize efficacy for the maximum number of people:
It is best to not use Peptides in the same routine as the following products: Direct acids, LAA (L-Ascorbic Acid) and ELAA (Ethylated Ascorbic Acid). In addition, we would recommend avoiding the use of products containing copper peptides in the same routine as strong antioxidants as well as direct acids/LAA/ELAA.