Vitamin C Suspension 23% + HA Spheres 2%
Vitamin C is an effective antioxidant that brightens the skin tone and reduces the appearance of signs of aging. This water-free, silicone-free formula provides 23% pure L-Ascorbic Acid which remains completely stable due to the absence of water. The system is supported with addition of dehydrated spheres of Hyaluronic Acid to offer visible surface smoothing alongside the benefits of Vitamin C. This treatment is ideally applied at bedtime.
Note: Based on recommendation from our customers, this formula is now offered in a tube format for easier dispensing.
This product is a water-free suspension of 23% L-Ascorbic Acid powder. The Ordinary's portfolio of Vitamin C includes the following formulations:
Vitamin C Suspension 30% in Silicone
Vitamin C Suspension 23% + HA Spheres 2%
Ascorbyl Glucoside Solution 12%
Ascorbyl Tetraisopalmitate Solution 20% in Vitamin F
Magnesium Ascorbyl Phosphate 10%
Ascorbic Acid 8% + Alpha Arbutin 2%
Ethylated Ascorbic Acid 15% Solution
Topical Vitamin C offers a wide array of benefits to the skin. However, many forms of Vitamin C and many more formulations of Vitamin C are available commercially with a potential to confuse the audience. We have developed a guide that offers guidance on the formulations of Vitamin C offered under The Ordinary range. It also offers education on Vitamin C itself and on the differences between formulations of Vitamin C at large. Note: The format of this formula is a suspension of very fine L-Ascorbic Acid powder and, as such, provides the most direct exposure of extremely high concentrations of Vitamin C topically. With such format, there are 2 important things to consider:
1) A very strong tingling but non-irritating sensation is expected during the first 1-2 weeks of use until the skin's tolerance to such high exposure is elevated;
2) The powder exposure to the skin disallows the formula to feel like a serum, lotion or cream and each application requires a few seconds to feel absorbed by the skin. If desired, this formula can be diluted in a cream base per application to allow the skin to build tolerance over time.
Alternative products on the market offer suspensions of Vitamin C in water-free formulations in a silicone base to avoid the "powdery" feel of the suspension. These formulations do keep the Vitamin C stable but they are almost always offered in heavier silicone bases that interfere with efficient exposure of the entire Vitamin C content to the skin (the silicone entraps the Vitamin C). Our formula avoids the use of silicones and offers complete and direct exposure of the entire powder content to the skin, maximizing topical delivery.
Review our quides to Vitamin C products